README.md, before:

# 🛑🐋 Narwhal
Narwhal is a Chrome extension for skipping recipe blog stories and bypassing website paywalls. It adds a "skip to recipe" button on most recipe blogs that use common recipe modules and removes paywalls on news websites automatically.

## Installation

1. Click the "Clone or Download" dropdown above and then "Download ZIP".
2. Move the `narwhal-master` folder from the ZIP to wherever you'd like.
3. Type `chrome://extensions/` in your address bar.
4. Check "Developer Mode" at the top right of the page.
5. Click "Load Unpacked" on the top left and open the `narwhal-master` folder.

## Modifications

<table>
  <tr>
    <th><b>Website</b></th>
    <th><b>Modification</b></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Common Food Blogs (create an issue to suggest)</td>
    <td>Added "Skip to Recipe" button</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Wallstreet Journal</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Washington Post</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>NYTimes</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The Economist</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Have a suggestion for a recipe or news website that needs modifications?

[Create an issue!](https://github.com/mn6/narwhal/issues/new)

Commit message:

Add $ info and firefox store publish

README.md, after:

# 🛑🐋 Narwhal
Narwhal is a Chrome/Firefox extension for skipping recipe blog stories and bypassing website paywalls. It adds a "skip to recipe" button on most recipe blogs that use common recipe modules and removes paywalls on news websites automatically.

## Installation

### Firefox

1. [Click here to grab the latest version on the add-on store.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/narwhal-ff/)

### Chrome
1. Click the "Clone or Download" dropdown above and then "Download ZIP".
2. Move the `narwhal-master` folder from the ZIP to wherever you'd like.
3. Type `chrome://extensions/` in your address bar.
4. Check "Developer Mode" at the top right of the page.
5. Click "Load Unpacked" on the top left and open the `narwhal-master` folder.

## Modifications

<table>
  <tr>
    <th><b>Website</b></th>
    <th><b>Modification</b></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Common Food Blogs (create an issue to suggest)</td>
    <td>Added "Skip to Recipe" button</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Wallstreet Journal</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Washington Post</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>NYTimes</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The Economist</td>
    <td>Removed paywall</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Have a suggestion for a recipe or news website that needs modifications?

[Create an issue!](https://github.com/mn6/narwhal/issues/new)

## Donations

I don't accept donations, but a star here on GitHub or an honest rating on the extension stores helps me greatly!
